README.md, before:

# Hyde Kido + Nanaya Shiki Expansion Pack
My mod that features a (UNi2) Hyde port & a custom Nanaya that has alternated versions of Tohno's moves to replicate MBAACC Nanaya


Atm this is only my second FB project

EX Tohno is selectable by pressing down while on Nanaya or up while on P.Ciel

**CREDITS:** 

MBTL GX made by U4ick (I reused & edited some of its assets for Nanaya's Arc Drive & Last Arc)

[Fatih120 ](https://github.com/Fatih120) for making the Nanaya idle sprite edit

[Waffle House stage](https://gamebanana.com/mods/367862) by [NOGAMES](https://gamebanana.com/members/2108630) 

**PLEASE DOWNLOAD FROM THE [RELEASES TAB](https://github.com/ReallyRealer/Hyde-Kido-Nanaya-Shiki-Expansion-Pack/releases) AS MAIN ISN'T UPDATED TO V2 YET** 

# Trailer
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/4YLnAan75QA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YLnAan75QA)
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2hXgKpWCHTU/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hXgKpWCHTU)
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/wOhzSrCsMzg/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOhzSrCsMzg)
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/wU6msn0UArA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU6msn0UArA)


# Showcase

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9828566d-c0dd-4ea3-bdf0-6ccaa00a91cd)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60d30164-0311-466b-b3f8-576bcd4b7a59)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b76aae6-61a9-4bc9-b5e3-d735f7327c74)


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04555d53-f3cf-4388-b89f-9aa85c02f310


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a62ffdda-d49e-49b8-a919-eebd01efbba6



https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5b2ac05-d72a-458f-8db1-3fc196e8a6f0





# Movesets
**ALL COMMANDS ARE NOW INVISIBLE INGAME AS OF V3**

**Hyde** - Literally just [this](https://wiki.gbl.gg/w/Under_Night_In-Birth/UNI2/Hyde#Move_List) (his Arc Drive is 41236+D like UNi though and Veil Bringer is 236BC like UNi2 as well)

I forgor that he has moon skills lol
- 6BC (5FF from UNi)
- 2BC (2FF from UNi2)
- 4BC (Smart Steer from UNi2)
- j4BC (Smart Steer from UNi2 except this time it's in the air)
- j214x series also exists


**Nanaya** 
- J0202 (fastfall by double tapping down in midair)
- 623A + A (cancels 623A into a fastfall)
- 623B + B (cancels 623B into a upwards flip)
- 0202x is just his tp series
- J2B (dive kick)
- 214x is a new series (mainly just reused his boss rush 0202D adds but as separate moves)
- 2BC is a TP stance that can be canceled into A or B (holding backwards will make him go the opposite direction) you can also cancel into A twice or A into B
- 4BC is just Tohno Shiki's regular one since it was already fine
- 6BC is a special version of his regular 236x series where he'll uppercut upon hit and if you press B upon hitting you'll be able to cancel into his upwards TP
- 3BC is Tohno Shiki's except this time upon successful hit he'll cancel into his flip automatically
- J214A (From H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- J214B (From H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- J214EX (From H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- J214BC (J214EX but weaker and has armor, can be jump cancelable anytime after the second kick)
- New Arc Drive with two versions (Regular & HEAT)
- Regular comes out faster but is weaker, blockable, and has less overall range
- HEAT comes out slower but is stronger, unblockable, has more range, and creates a clone

**EX Tohno** 
- 236x (minus EX) is now a rekka series where mashing A or B leads to different enders (A launches them away and B is an uppercut)
- 236EX is basically MBAACC Tohno except he'll pause to catch his knife, pressing C right before it ends will make him do a follow-up attack that costs no meter at all
- J0202x new aerial series based on MBAACC
- Every 623/J236 move is alternated
- 623EX can be jump canceled on either the first or second flip
- New 0202x series
- J0202D is a downwards TP
- J0202BC (2BC in midair) is J0202D except way faster
- MBAACC Tohno's standing B add is back (press B again after 5B it can also be increased if you hold it)
- 214x adds reworked (214EX is more similar to MBAACC except doesn't force a wall bounce unless near)
- 214EX can be canceled into feint by pressing D or doing the feint input
- 421x new grounded series based on F-Tohno's 0202x in MBAACC
- New Arc Drive
- New Last Arc

**Linne** - Literally just [this](https://wiki.gbl.gg/w/Under_Night_In-Birth/UNI2/Linne) (She can use her arc drive via 236+BC or 41236+D, also to do rapid beat instead of C_C follw up, hold upwards then press C again)

# How to enable/disable Hyde announcer

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a65a0b9-52cd-4c8c-b067-73585b4f9155)

1. Open the "se" folder
2. Next open the "normal_se" folder
3. Then open the "announce" folder
4. Finally just rename the "system" folder to like anything else (ex. "hyd_system")

To re-enable just change it back to "system" (Note that enabling/disabling requires you to relaunch the game)

# How to use alternate BGM files

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/197c364f-050f-4262-b156-1683851a58f8)

Lets say you wanted to use V1 BGM..

1. Open the "Bgm" folder
2. Rename "bgm - v1 + new.txt" to just "bgm.txt" (beforehand remember to rename, move, or delete the current "bgm.txt")
3. Relaunch game

Basically same process if you want to switch to v2 alt bgm

# V2 Patch Notes

**Hyde** 
-  Adjusted vectors on 2B
-  J.5[C] startup increased
-  2B (first hit) vector changed so that you can combo into 5[C] properly
-  Enemies now flash red on specific moves to be more accurate to UNi
-  Forward throw doesn't launch as far anymore
-  Vacant shift now emulates UNi better
-  Aerial vacant shift doesn't combo extend normally anymore (with the exception of J4BC)
-  236_236A (dark lotus add) now shoots them slightly higher
-  J236x launches the opponent higher
-  Slightly adjusted slowmo effect of Arc Drive
-  Raging Roar is more accurate to UNi now
-  Subtitles added to Raging Roar
-  Rest of his cutins finally added (and fixed up)
-  236_236B launches the opponent forward now
-  Collision boxes more accurate to MBTL (makes it so that he won't fly over the opponent and not fly out of the opponent's combos)
-  Standing throw's damage buffed from 1420 to 1500 to meet MBTL standards

**Nanaya**

Stayed the same for the most part
- 214B (far range) can now be jump canceled upon successful hit
- Fixed name typo in battle

**EX Tohno**

He just got here so he's just unchanged lol


# V2.0.1 Patch Notes

- Fixed some of Hyde's boxes



**Other**
- New character select screen
- New BGM in CSS/Menu
- New Battle BGMs
- Waffle House stage added by [NOGAMES on GameBanana](https://gamebanana.com/members/2108630)
- Custom color support added
- Single player support added (arcade, time attack, boss rush, etc.)

# V2.1b Patch Notes
**Nanaya**
- 623B & 623BC adjusted scaling
- 214B buffed damage slightly (Close: 1400 -> 1500 | Far Range: 1500 -> 1600 )
- New Arc Drive with two versions (Regular & HEAT)
- Regular comes out faster but is weaker, blockable, and has less overall range
- HEAT comes out slower but is stronger, unblockable, has more range, and creates a clone
- J2B is now OTG (first hitbox still slams them like in the earlier versions, you need to be at a certain height for the OTG)
- 214EX added (Basically from H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- 214BC added (214EX but weaker and no iframes, has armor on startup and can be jump cancelable any time after the upwards kick though)
- 2C (first hitbox) reduced dmg (900 -> 750)

# V3 Patch Notes
**Hyde**
- Hyde's throw is now able to combo at a wall like it was intended to
- 6BC && 2BC can cancel into other skills like it was intended to
- New Moon cutins
- Translated IW line

**Nanaya**
- 421A/B was added
- 41236SP (regular) hitbox comes out a tad bit later to prevent unblockable setups
- 41236SP (HEAT) raw hitbox comes out a bit later to prevent unblockable setups
- New 6A combo added, basically H-Nanaya from MBAACC (6A three times)

**EX Tohno**
- 236EX Timed Slash reworked entirely
- Brand new arc drive
- Brand new last arc
- 623B is now a copy of Nanaya's
- 236A/B rekka damage nerfed
- 236A/B rekka EX cancel window moved later
- Afterimage bugs fixed

**Linne**
- No changes yet since she was just added

**Other**
- Character select screen updated to have more icons
- Character select screen updated background visuals
- New main menu music
- New character select music
- New battle BGM
- UNi2 stages now playable (including a cut stage)
- MBTL boss rush stages now playable
- New Linne icon and plate
- In-game command lists finally added
- New opening movie
- Adjusted Roa & Kohaku's character select pose

Commit message:

Added Linne's moon skills and fixed dumb typo in README.md

README.md, after:

# Hyde Kido + Nanaya Shiki Expansion Pack
My mod that features a (UNi2) Hyde port, a custom Nanaya that has alternated versions of Tohno's moves to replicate MBAACC Nanaya, a custom Tohno kit, and a (UNi2) Linne port


Atm this is only my second FB project

EX Tohno is selectable by pressing down while on Nanaya or up while on P.Ciel

**CREDITS:** 

MBTL GX made by U4ick (I reused & edited some of its assets for Nanaya's Arc Drive & Last Arc)

[Fatih120 ](https://github.com/Fatih120) for making the Nanaya idle sprite edit

[Waffle House stage](https://gamebanana.com/mods/367862) by [NOGAMES](https://gamebanana.com/members/2108630) 

**DOWNLOAD FROM THE [RELEASES TAB](https://github.com/ReallyRealer/Hyde-Kido-Nanaya-Shiki-Expansion-Pack/releases)** 

# Trailer
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/4YLnAan75QA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YLnAan75QA)
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2hXgKpWCHTU/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hXgKpWCHTU)
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/wOhzSrCsMzg/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOhzSrCsMzg)
[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/wU6msn0UArA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU6msn0UArA)


# Showcase

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9828566d-c0dd-4ea3-bdf0-6ccaa00a91cd)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60d30164-0311-466b-b3f8-576bcd4b7a59)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b76aae6-61a9-4bc9-b5e3-d735f7327c74)


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04555d53-f3cf-4388-b89f-9aa85c02f310


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a62ffdda-d49e-49b8-a919-eebd01efbba6



https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5b2ac05-d72a-458f-8db1-3fc196e8a6f0





# Movesets
**ALL COMMANDS ARE NOW VISIBLE INGAME AS OF V3**

**Hyde** - Literally just [this](https://wiki.gbl.gg/w/Under_Night_In-Birth/UNI2/Hyde#Move_List) (his Arc Drive is 41236+D like UNi though and Veil Bringer is 236BC like UNi2 as well)

I forgor that he has moon skills lol
- 6BC (5FF from UNi)
- 2BC (2FF from UNi2)
- 4BC (Smart Steer from UNi2)
- j4BC (Smart Steer from UNi2 except this time it's in the air)
- j214x series also exists


**Nanaya** 
- J0202 (fastfall by double tapping down in midair)
- 623A + A (cancels 623A into a fastfall)
- 623B + B (cancels 623B into a upwards flip)
- 0202x is just his tp series
- J2B (dive kick)
- 214x is a new series (mainly just reused his boss rush 0202D adds but as separate moves)
- 2BC is a TP stance that can be canceled into A or B (holding backwards will make him go the opposite direction) you can also cancel into A twice or A into B
- 4BC is just Tohno Shiki's regular one since it was already fine
- 6BC is a special version of his regular 236x series where he'll uppercut upon hit and if you press B upon hitting you'll be able to cancel into his upwards TP
- 3BC is Tohno Shiki's except this time upon successful hit he'll cancel into his flip automatically
- J214A (From H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- J214B (From H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- J214EX (From H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- J214BC (J214EX but weaker and has armor, can be jump cancelable anytime after the second kick)
- New Arc Drive with two versions (Regular & HEAT)
- Regular comes out faster but is weaker, blockable, and has less overall range
- HEAT comes out slower but is stronger, unblockable, has more range, and creates a clone

**EX Tohno** 
- 236x (minus EX) is now a rekka series where mashing A or B leads to different enders (A launches them away and B is an uppercut)
- 236EX is basically MBAACC Tohno except he'll pause to catch his knife, pressing C right before it ends will make him do a follow-up attack that costs no meter at all
- J0202x new aerial series based on MBAACC
- Every 623/J236 move is alternated
- 623EX can be jump canceled on either the first or second flip
- New 0202x series
- J0202D is a downwards TP
- J0202BC (2BC in midair) is J0202D except way faster
- MBAACC Tohno's standing B add is back (press B again after 5B it can also be increased if you hold it)
- 214x adds reworked (214EX is more similar to MBAACC except doesn't force a wall bounce unless near)
- 214EX can be canceled into feint by pressing D or doing the feint input
- 421x new grounded series based on F-Tohno's 0202x in MBAACC
- New Arc Drive
- New Last Arc

**Linne** - Literally just [this](https://wiki.gbl.gg/w/Under_Night_In-Birth/UNI2/Linne) (She can use her arc drive via 236+BC or 41236+D, also to do rapid beat instead of C_C follw up, hold upwards then press C again)
Moon skills
- 2BC (5FF from UNi)
- 6BC, only usuable after 236x (236x --> 6FF from UNi2)
- Dash BC (Dash FF from UNi2)
- 4BC (Smart steer ender from UNi2)

# How to enable/disable Hyde announcer

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a65a0b9-52cd-4c8c-b067-73585b4f9155)

1. Open the "se" folder
2. Next open the "normal_se" folder
3. Then open the "announce" folder
4. Finally just rename the "system" folder to like anything else (ex. "hyd_system")

To re-enable just change it back to "system" (Note that enabling/disabling requires you to relaunch the game)

# How to use alternate BGM files

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/197c364f-050f-4262-b156-1683851a58f8)

Lets say you wanted to use V1 BGM..

1. Open the "Bgm" folder
2. Rename "bgm - v1 + new.txt" to just "bgm.txt" (beforehand remember to rename, move, or delete the current "bgm.txt")
3. Relaunch game

Basically same process if you want to switch to v2 alt bgm

# V2 Patch Notes

**Hyde** 
-  Adjusted vectors on 2B
-  J.5[C] startup increased
-  2B (first hit) vector changed so that you can combo into 5[C] properly
-  Enemies now flash red on specific moves to be more accurate to UNi
-  Forward throw doesn't launch as far anymore
-  Vacant shift now emulates UNi better
-  Aerial vacant shift doesn't combo extend normally anymore (with the exception of J4BC)
-  236_236A (dark lotus add) now shoots them slightly higher
-  J236x launches the opponent higher
-  Slightly adjusted slowmo effect of Arc Drive
-  Raging Roar is more accurate to UNi now
-  Subtitles added to Raging Roar
-  Rest of his cutins finally added (and fixed up)
-  236_236B launches the opponent forward now
-  Collision boxes more accurate to MBTL (makes it so that he won't fly over the opponent and not fly out of the opponent's combos)
-  Standing throw's damage buffed from 1420 to 1500 to meet MBTL standards

**Nanaya**

Stayed the same for the most part
- 214B (far range) can now be jump canceled upon successful hit
- Fixed name typo in battle

**EX Tohno**

He just got here so he's just unchanged lol


# V2.0.1 Patch Notes

- Fixed some of Hyde's boxes



**Other**
- New character select screen
- New BGM in CSS/Menu
- New Battle BGMs
- Waffle House stage added by [NOGAMES on GameBanana](https://gamebanana.com/members/2108630)
- Custom color support added
- Single player support added (arcade, time attack, boss rush, etc.)

# V2.1b Patch Notes
**Nanaya**
- 623B & 623BC adjusted scaling
- 214B buffed damage slightly (Close: 1400 -> 1500 | Far Range: 1500 -> 1600 )
- New Arc Drive with two versions (Regular & HEAT)
- Regular comes out faster but is weaker, blockable, and has less overall range
- HEAT comes out slower but is stronger, unblockable, has more range, and creates a clone
- J2B is now OTG (first hitbox still slams them like in the earlier versions, you need to be at a certain height for the OTG)
- 214EX added (Basically from H-Nanaya in MBAACC)
- 214BC added (214EX but weaker and no iframes, has armor on startup and can be jump cancelable any time after the upwards kick though)
- 2C (first hitbox) reduced dmg (900 -> 750)

# V3 Patch Notes
**Hyde**
- Hyde's throw is now able to combo at a wall like it was intended to
- 6BC && 2BC can cancel into other skills like it was intended to
- New Moon cutins
- Translated IW line

**Nanaya**
- 421A/B was added
- 41236SP (regular) hitbox comes out a tad bit later to prevent unblockable setups
- 41236SP (HEAT) raw hitbox comes out a bit later to prevent unblockable setups
- New 6A combo added, basically H-Nanaya from MBAACC (6A three times)

**EX Tohno**
- 236EX Timed Slash reworked entirely
- Brand new arc drive
- Brand new last arc
- 623B is now a copy of Nanaya's
- 236A/B rekka damage nerfed
- 236A/B rekka EX cancel window moved later
- Afterimage bugs fixed

**Linne**
- No changes yet since she was just added

**Other**
- Character select screen updated to have more icons
- Character select screen updated background visuals
- New main menu music
- New character select music
- New battle BGM
- UNi2 stages now playable (including a cut stage)
- MBTL boss rush stages now playable
- New Linne icon and plate
- In-game command lists finally added
- New opening movie
- Adjusted Roa & Kohaku's character select pose
